com/example/cienciassafe/ClassroomRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.ClassroomRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.cienciassafe.ClassroomRecyclerViewAdapter$1
 com.example.cienciassafe.ClassroomRecyclerViewAdapter$1$1
com/example/cienciassafe/SplashScreenActivity.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.SplashScreenActivity
 com.example.cienciassafe.SplashScreenActivity$1
com/example/cienciassafe/Classrooms.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.Classrooms
com/example/cienciassafe/SettingsFragment.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.SettingsFragment
 com.example.cienciassafe.SettingsFragment$1
com/example/cienciassafe/CovidReportRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.CovidReportRecyclerViewAdapter
com/example/cienciassafe/ReportResource.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.ReportResource
com/example/cienciassafe/AboutFragment.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.AboutFragment
 com.example.cienciassafe.AboutFragment$1
 com.example.cienciassafe.AboutFragment$2
 com.example.cienciassafe.AboutFragment$3
 com.example.cienciassafe.AboutFragment$4
 com.example.cienciassafe.AboutFragment$5
 com.example.cienciassafe.AboutFragment$6
 com.example.cienciassafe.AboutFragment$7
com/example/cienciassafe/ResourceReportHistory.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.ResourceReportHistory
 com.example.cienciassafe.ResourceReportHistory$1
com/example/cienciassafe/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.BuildConfig
com/example/cienciassafe/ClassroomsFragment.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.ClassroomsFragment
 com.example.cienciassafe.ClassroomsFragment$1
 com.example.cienciassafe.ClassroomsFragment$1$1
 com.example.cienciassafe.ClassroomsFragment$2
com/example/cienciassafe/Menu.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.Menu
com/example/cienciassafe/HistoryFragment.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.HistoryFragment
com/example/cienciassafe/CovidFragment.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.CovidFragment
 com.example.cienciassafe.CovidFragment$1
 com.example.cienciassafe.CovidFragment$1$1
 com.example.cienciassafe.CovidFragment$2
com/example/cienciassafe/ClassroomCardViewHolder.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.ClassroomCardViewHolder
com/example/cienciassafe/LocalizationHistoric.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.LocalizationHistoric
com/example/cienciassafe/Mail.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.Mail
 com.example.cienciassafe.Mail$1
com/example/cienciassafe/MainActivity.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.MainActivity
 com.example.cienciassafe.MainActivity$1
 com.example.cienciassafe.MainActivity$10
 com.example.cienciassafe.MainActivity$2
 com.example.cienciassafe.MainActivity$3
 com.example.cienciassafe.MainActivity$4
 com.example.cienciassafe.MainActivity$5
 com.example.cienciassafe.MainActivity$6
 com.example.cienciassafe.MainActivity$7
 com.example.cienciassafe.MainActivity$8
 com.example.cienciassafe.MainActivity$9
com/example/cienciassafe/CovidReportCardViewHolder.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.CovidReportCardViewHolder
com/example/cienciassafe/Utils.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.Utils
com/example/cienciassafe/HomepageFragment.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.HomepageFragment
com/example/cienciassafe/MapActivity.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.MapActivity
com/example/cienciassafe/ReportFragment.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.ReportFragment
 com.example.cienciassafe.ReportFragment$1
 com.example.cienciassafe.ReportFragment$2
 com.example.cienciassafe.ReportFragment$2$1
 com.example.cienciassafe.ReportFragment$2$2
com/example/cienciassafe/BluetoothActivity.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.BluetoothActivity
 com.example.cienciassafe.BluetoothActivity$1
 com.example.cienciassafe.BluetoothActivity$2
 com.example.cienciassafe.BluetoothActivity$3
 com.example.cienciassafe.BluetoothActivity$4
com/example/cienciassafe/Resource.java
 com.example.cienciassafe.Resource
